The location context is contained within the server context, the location context lets you configure
our engine X will respond to requests for resources within the server.
The location match defines what Engine X should check the request you are against.
The existence or nonexistence of a modifier affects the way that Engine X attempts to match the location
block.
When you work with Engine X and you start working with location contexts, you need to identify the
various modifiers and what those modifiers do.
Engine X processes requests based on whether there is a modifier or not.
In order of importance, the order that Engine X will process the modifier the equals sign is an exact
match.
The carrot told is a preferential prefix match.
The told is a regular expression case sensitive match that told esoterics is a regular expression case
insensitive match.
And finally, you have no modifier.
The equals sign is an exact match if a request is made.
Site dot com slash favourite's icon in the location context, it says if an exact match for that particular
file is made, apply the EXPIRES Directive.
The EXPIRES Directive states that that file will be cached for one year.
A preferential prefix match is your carrot told.
A preferential prefix match is more important than a case sensitive or case insensitive.
Regular expression.
If you have a location context with the carrot told, Ingenix, will apply that context, even if there
is a better match through a regular expression.
The told is a case sensitive regular expression match.
If somebody attempts to access site DOT, Slashdot, H.T. access, this location context will apply
and a directive Dinni all will apply to anyone attempting to access a file dot H.T. Access.
The told esoterics is for a case insensitive regular expression match.
If you look at the location context slash uploads, slash asterisks dot p.
If somebody happens to upload a malicious script to your server and they then try and access that file,
they would use site dot com uploads, slash the directory name followed by the name of the IP script.
We are using a case insensitive match for anyone attempting to access a file in your uploads directory.
That case, insensitive regular expression, will match a file typed in uppercase and lowercase and
apply the directive to NEI or they will not be able to run the file in your uploads directory.
Yeah, we have a location context with no modifier.
A no modifier is a prefix match in this particular case.
This is the TRAI Files directive and how this works is when a request is made to your server, engine
X will check for the file.
Firstly at the you are l then if it doesn't find it, it will then look for a directory to match the
request.
If it doesn't find a file or directory, it then does an internal redirect to index dot p p passing
the query string arguments as parameters.
As we start configuring the various directives inside the server blocks, I'll discuss the various modifiers
and look at why we are using that particular modifier in that particular case.